Cooper Quintin
 P.O. Box 190471  San Francisco, CA. 94119  
Tel: (510) 827-5382 / E-mail: cooperq@cooperq.com
Skills
5 years of personal experience in linux system administration and PHP programming.  
7 years of general programming experience.
Linux system administration, multiple flavors (Redhat, CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu, Gentoo)
MySQL Server setup and maintenance, including MySQL Cluster setup and maintenance
Database administration and backup strategies
Apache administration
PHP Programming
Shell Scripting (Bash, CSH)
Can read Perl, Python and C/C++
Nagios system monitoring
MS Windows (95-Vista) installation and configuration
Hardware installation and configuration
Ruby Programming, Ruby on Rails Framework, Monit, Capistrano, Mongrel
MVC architecture, Object Oriented Programming and Agile development techniques
Facebook API
Adobe Creative Suite and GIMP
HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery
Drupal installation, development and maintenance, Drupal API, Mediawiki, Dekiwiki, and WordPress
Git, CVS and Subversion version control systems, Git and Subversion administration
Xen and VMWare Server
Operating System and Web application level security

Contract Work										2007-Present

Adbusters Magazine
Debugging and feature implementation for the Adbusters website running on a LAMP stack. PHP programming and lite system administration on CentOS 5.  Implemented version control using GIT and implemented 3 tier system for development, testing and production environments.  Custom module development.
Fratsor.com
Created social networking website for members of fraternal organizations.  Used Drupal framework to build the site.  Drupal module programming and theme design and managed hosting for the site.
Hollywood Can Suck It
Created Blog, Forum and E-Commerce website using the Drupal Framework.  Custom module and theme development.
WikiAudio
Built wiki website for customer using DekiWiki software and Drupal for a related social network. Customer later changed to a MediaWiki implementation due to stability issues with DekiWiki
Greenpeace
Debugged and added features to Greenpeace's custom CRM software
BleacherReport.com
Wrote custom software and maintained existing software using Ruby On Rails, PHP and the Facebook API Maintained Security and Usability on 5 servers for all employees of the company. Implemented version control with subversion and Capistrano. Set up Nagios monitoring.  Optimized existing database queries.

Page 1/2
Cooper Quintin
 P.O. Box 190471  San Francisco, CA. 94119  
Tel: (510) 827-5382 / E-mail: cooperq@cooperq.com

Contract Work (cont.)

Jaxtr.com
Set up working MySQL cluster and Nagios system on an 8 node network. For a VOIP services company.  Performed general maintenance on the servers as well as Bash scripting and security auditing.  Also, wrote custom plugins for Nagios.

Work Experience

Host For Web							System Administrator/Level 3 Tech Support
2006-2007
Responsible for the observation and maintenance of over 100 Linux servers serving over 3000 clients.  Duties included: technical support, fixing servers, writing scripts  to solve problems, configuring servers and auditing system security.

Phoenix IT							Tech Support
2005-2006
Custom, in-home, tech support for windows users.  Removing viruses, spyware.  Installing software, hardware.  Fine tuning computers to run faster.  Education of users on computer techniques and methods.

Volunteer Experience

Education and Writing
2003-Present
I have been working with a loose group of other individuals for 5 years now, educating and training local activists in the responsible use of technology.  I have been teaching things such as, encryption and anonymity techniques to basic computer use.  During this time I have also written a number of articles for the blog and associated magazine of this collective.  I have additionally set up and maintained all associated services of the collective (LAMP Server, mail server, mailman, IRC, Jabber).  And worked on custom software to aid activists with them.  Also, I have programmed a number of custom CMS's for this group.

Food Not Bombs
2006-Present
Food not Bombs cooks and serves free food to homeless people or anyone else who wants it.  I have been cooking and serving with them off and on for a number of years now.

References
Furnished upon request.









Page 2/2
